# New Features Added

### Endorising Posts
This new feature creates the functionality to endorse a post, giving the ability to a user to highlight a post for correctness. To use this feature, the user must navigate to a topic and find a post they would like to endorse. The endorse button will be found when the user clicks on the ellipses next to a post, which are located near the upvote/downvote buttons. When the endorse button is clicked, a message will pop up on the post, stating "This post has been endorsed." To user test this feature, a user should find an unendorsed post, locate the dropdown menu, and click the endorse button to verify the message pops up. They can then refresh the page to ensure the endorsement message stays on the post. To test the edge cases, the user can try to endorse a post they already endorsed and ensure the proper feedback is provided. The automated test cases for this feature can be found in test/posts.js. These tests validate that the button is correctly rendered in the post dropdown menu, that clicking the button successfully endorses a post via the backend API, and that the UI updates to display an endorsement message. These tests also ensure that endorsements persist across page reloads and handle edge cases, such as preventing duplicate endorsements or unauthorized users from endorsing posts. I believe the tests are sufficient because they cover all critical aspects of the feature, as UI rendering, backend integration, and UI updates are covered by the tests.
